[Music]
A lot of people have asked to see my gym
and my setup, how I travel, what I do at
home versus on the road. Uh, that's a
really simple answer. My gym is right
here. This is the entire thing. It all
fits in this this travel case for X3.
And I'm going to show you what's in
here. Now, this is the workout I use at
home. all the equipment and when I'm
when I'm traveling. So, I'm gonna open
up the
case. All right. So, this is the X3
Force bar. You'll notice it's the force
bar because it's got the power button
right there, and that's where you
connect the USBC. Uh, so this bar
captures all the electronic data that my
workouts create. Uh there's a a battery
and a broadcast radio in here, a
Bluetooth radio, so that it synchronizes
with my phone, captures all the data,
and that gets saved onto a database so I
can analyze all my workout data later.
So I travel with five bands. These are
all the Paraphor 2.0. So these are made
in America. Everything that counts, the
important part, the equipment, all made
in the United States. So uh these bands
are very high tension and they were
specifically this particular rubber was
developed for our company for Jacobish
Biomedical so that we can have a higher
amount of tension where we're in the
stronger range of motion and a lower
weaker range of motion. So instead of
being like a linear curve like most
bands, this is more of a parabolic
curve. So very high tension when the
band is stretched, a little bit lower
when you're in that weaker range of
motion, which allows you to do more
repetitions and have a deeper level of
fatigue when you're back here. So when
you're in that stretch range of motion,
you get extra stimuli. Instead of just
focusing on that or just focusing on
full range, we're doing all the above
because the first repetitions are full
range until you fatigue the full range
because the weight changes as you move.
I diminish the range. So first
repetitions here, then I can't get there
anymore. Let's say I do 20 repetitions.
Then I'm shortening the range of motion.
So, I might do what looks like half reps
because I can't get further. So, I'm I'm
going to fatigue again and then I
shorten it again. Each repetition is as
long as I can make it until the last one
is just right off my chest. And of
course, that's same for all exercises,
whether it be uh an overhead press or a
squat or a deadlift, all the same thing.
These uh here's the ground plate. This
is what I put on the ground. And the
bands run through this channel. Uh
there's a lot of discussion about making
this thing very complicated. It really
doesn't need to be. So, uh it the bands
just slide in this channel. And uh it
keeps you from having to step on a band.
And the reason you don't want to be
standing on a band when you're doing
heavy work is like let's say I'm doing a
deadlift. Well, the lateral force in my
ankle, uh, 7 lbs of lateral force in the
human ankle will break it. But when I
deadlift, I combine these two bands,
which are very thick,
powerful polymer,
uh, partially latex, partially another
polymer that we developed, uh, in this
in this hybrid type banding. Thal
between this band and this band is
around 700 lb. Takes 7 lbs to break the
ankle, but I'm dealing with 700. So,
this super important. You have to have
that ground plate to protect your
ankles. I I suppose if you're doing like
a lightweight accessory movement like
stepping on a band and and like like
this one, like really light one and
doing like rear deltoids. So, I'm doing
sort of a pullback where I'm standing on
the band. That that would be an example
where I don't necessarily need the
plate. But this right here is a very
tiny muscle by comparison to just about
any other muscle in the body. So you
need to have the plate. So like if you
want to travel and leave this
behind cuz I get that question. It's
like can I just bring the bar and the
bands and leave the the ground plate
behind? No. Either bring the whole thing
or just go on vacation and don't don't
bring anything with you because you
really want to do it right. There is no
sort of halfway doing it because if
you're halfway doing it, you're either
getting a lousy stimulus or you're going
to hurt
yourself. Probably both. So, you want to
make sure that you have the whole thing.
But I like showing this to everybody
because this is it. This this bag lives
in my in my suitcase. I just drop it in
whatever suitcase. So, if I'm going to
Moscow or I'm going to be on some
gorgeous beach, I prefer some gorgeous
beach. No matter where I'm going, I can
have everything I need, which is right
here to keep me growing at absolute
maximum. also with the Westside Barbell
programming and the athletes at Westside
Barbell work with all of the
professional athletes that they work
with and it's a roster that you wouldn't
believe like almost all of the NFL
mostly through the strength coaches of
the NFL teams working with Westside
Barbell. This is what they carry. This
is their gym. Because if you're an
athlete, you're not an athlete that
stays at home. No athlete stays at home.
They've got to be on the road. That's
where sports happen. They have to have
their whole gym with them and it needs
to be a consistent gym because they need
to be doing the same thing with every
workout so they can measure, so they can
know if they're making progress. And
it's like, imagine if every day you go
to work out, you walk into a different
gym and there's a slightly different
setup. You don't even know how many reps
to expect on some selectorized machine
as opposed to what you're used to doing.
And that is
catastrophic for a professional athlete
when they do a workout where they can't
measure anything. So, it's not
necessarily a wasted workout, but they
don't even know what to expect. Sure,
they know what fatigue feels like, but
it's much better if it's consistent
every single time so that the
measurement is spot-on. If they have a
problem, they can make a video. they
send it back to the guys at Westside
Barbell and they'll do an analysis and
say, "Okay, you might want to position
your body weight a little bit
differently while you're doing it." So
maybe some little details, but it makes
it a lot easier to correct any
challenges that they're having when the
workout is absolutely consistent. So
this is literally what I do whether I'm
at home or I'm on the road. This is
literally what professional athletes do
when they are at home and when they are
on the road. That's it. You don't need
anything else. If this video helped you,
I want you to subscribe and follow. I'm
going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. We've got the answer for you.